1.14.3 release documentation (#1733)
dogecoin/dogecoin: doc/release-notes.md

This default setting can be overridden with the -mempoolexpiry parameter by individual node operators to a value (expressed in hours) that makes the most sense for the use cases the node serves.

Increase block download timeouts
--------------------------------

Block download timeouts are expressed as a multiple of block interval, and as such Dogecoin block download times were relatively aggressive, leading to a high number of timeouts. Increased the timeouts to be more flexible to real world conditions.

Fixate BIP65 softfork heights
-----------------------------
    
Set softfork heights in chainparams.cpp, so nodes no longer have to test for softfork conditions.

Add size_on_disk, prune_target_size, automatic_pruning to getblockchaininfo
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

* Fix pruneheight help text.
* Move fPruneMode block to match output ordering with help text.
* Add functional tests for new fields in getblockchaininfo.

> Locale independent sorting

Reviewer: I'd move this to minor

--------------------------
    
Some locales sort differently, which causes a different order of files, which leads to an unreproducible build.  Sorting is now always based on the C locale.

Add query options to listunspent RPC call
-----------------------------------------

* Return unspents greater or equal than a specific amount in BTC: minimumAmount (default = 0).
* Return unspents lower or equal than a specific amount in BTC: maximumAmount (default = MAX_MONEY = 21000000.0 BTC).
* Return unspents with a total number lower or equal than a specific number: maximumCount (default=0=unlimited).

> * Return unspents which total is greater or equal than a specific amount in BTC: minimumSumAmount (default = MAX_MONEY = 21000000.0 BTC).

Reviewer: this is a BTC description

Bug fixes and corrections
=========================

* Change references in INSTALL.md from Bitcoin to Dogecoin
* Update package links for OSX cross compilation
* Update Patrick Lodder's private key
* Numerous fixes to automated tests.
* Replace missing Windows build notes.
* Change IPC prefix from `bitcoin:` to `dogecoin:`.
* Corrections to Italian translation.
* Refresh main and test network checkpoints.
* Update build-osx.md for Mac install.

> * Do not print an error on connection timeouts through proxy.

Reviewer: Would change this to:

```
Minor changes
=============

 * Update package links for OSX cross compilation
 * Change IPC prefix from `bitcoin:` to `dogecoin:`.
 * Locale independent sorting.
 * Corrections to Italian translation.
 * Refresh main and test network checkpoints and seeds.
 * Do not print an error on connection timeouts through proxy.
 * Numerous fixes to automated tests.
 * Numerous fixes to documentation.
 ```

Increase block download timeouts
--------------------------------

Block download timeouts are expressed as a multiple of block interval, and as such Dogecoin block download times were relatively aggressive, leading to a high number of timeouts. Increased the timeouts to be more flexible to real world conditions.

Fixate BIP65 softfork heights
-----------------------------
    
Set softfork heights in chainparams.cpp, so nodes no longer have to test for softfork conditions.

Add size_on_disk, prune_target_size, automatic_pruning to getblockchaininfo
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

* Fix pruneheight help text.
* Move fPruneMode block to match output ordering with help text.
* Add functional tests for new fields in getblockchaininfo.

Locale independent sorting
--------------------------
    
Some locales sort differently, which causes a different order of files, which leads to an unreproducible build.  Sorting is now always based on the C locale.

Add query options to listunspent RPC call
-----------------------------------------

> * Return unspents greater or equal than a specific amount in BTC: minimumAmount (default = 0).
> * Return unspents lower or equal than a specific amount in BTC: maximumAmount (default = MAX_MONEY = 21000000.0 BTC).
> * Return unspents with a total number lower or equal than a specific number: maximumCount (default=0=unlimited).
> * Return unspents which total is greater or equal than a specific amount in BTC: minimumSumAmount (default = MAX_MONEY = 21000000.0 BTC).

Author: ```suggestion
* Return unspents greater or equal than a specific amount in DOGE: minimumAmount (default = 0).
* Return unspents lower or equal than a specific amount in DOGE: maximumAmount (default = MAX_MONEY = 100000000000 DOGE).
* Return unspents with a total number lower or equal than a specific number: maximumCount (default=0=unlimited).
* Return unspents which total is greater or equal than a specific amount in DOGE: minimumSumAmount (default = MAX_MONEY = 100000000000 DOGE).
```

> Bug fixes and corrections
> =========================
> 
> * Change references in INSTALL.md from Bitcoin to Dogecoin
> * Update package links for OSX cross compilation
> * Update Patrick Lodder's private key
> * Numerous fixes to automated tests.
> * Replace missing Windows build notes.
> * Change IPC prefix from `bitcoin:` to `dogecoin:`.
> * Corrections to Italian translation.
> * Refresh main and test network checkpoints.
> * Update build-osx.md for Mac install.
> * Do not print an error on connection timeouts through proxy.

Author: ```suggestion
Minor changes
=============

 * Update package links for OSX cross compilation
 * Change IPC prefix from `bitcoin:` to `dogecoin:`.
 * Locale independent sorting.
 * Corrections to Italian translation.
 * Refresh main and test network checkpoints and seeds.
 * Do not print an error on connection timeouts through proxy.
 * Numerous fixes to automated tests.
 * Numerous fixes to documentation.
```

- Pieter Wuille
- poole\_party
- practicalswift
- Primo
- Reiner Herrmann
- Ross Nicoll
- Shibe
- Sjors Provoost
- Suhas Daftuar
- Thomas Snider
- tnaka
- Tjps
- Vertian

> - Wladimir J. van der Laan

Reviewer: I only have the following contributors when iterating the commits and removing reversals:

```
- Anthony Chen 
- BT 
- Bertrand Jacquin 
- Daniel Edgecumbe 
- Dennis Field 
- Ikko Ashimine 
- John-Gee 
- Jonathan 
- Kent 
- Luis-Johannes Schubert 
- Marco 
- Max K 
- Patrick Lodder 
- Primo 
- Reiner Herrmann 
- Ross Nicoll 
- Shibe 
- Vertian 
- marcuswin 
```
